Add new flag -Wreturn-mismatch (#82872)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

Modified Compiler Flags
-----------------------

> - The `-Wreturn-type` flag has been modified to split some of its functionality into `-Wreturn-mismatch` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a new diagnostic flag ``-Wreturn-mismatch`` which is grouped under
``-Wreturn-type``, and moved some of the diagnostics previously controlled by
``-Wreturn-type`` under this new flag. Fixes #GH72116.
```

Author: done
